Add docker files (#102)
Concordium/concordium-dapp-examples: compliant-reward-distribution/README.md

Explanations for each component reside in README.md files inside their respective folder.

## Docker files

You can run the services and servers manually as explained in the READMEs or use the docker files in `./dockerfiles`.

However, the easiest option is to use [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) with the configuration file `./docker-compose.yml`.

For this to work, you should do the following:

1. Set the following environment variables:
   - (Optional) Set the `ADMIN_ACCOUNT` variable to an account address. This account can read and write to the database.
   - (Optional) Set the `CONCORDIUM_NODE` to the gRPC endpoint of the node you want to use. Defaults to `https://grpc.testnet.concordium.com:20000`.
2. Run `docker-compose up` to build and start all the services.

e.g.

```bash
ADMIN_ACCOUNT="4dT5vPrnnpwVrXZgmYLtHrDLvBYhtzheaK4fDWbJewqRCGQKWz" CONCORDIUM_NODE="https://grpc.mainnet.concordium.software:20000" docker-compose up
```

> You might need to run above command twice, if the postgres database container is too slow
> to be set up for the first time and as a result the `indexer/server` throwing an error because
> they are already trying to connect. Stopping the command and re-running the command will load
> the already setup postgres database container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might need to run the above command twice, if the postgres database container is too slow
to be set up for the first time and as a result the indexer or server throw an error because
they are already trying to connect. Stopping the command and re-running the command will load
the already setup postgres database container.
```
